Q1 2025 product goals (#382)
2i2c-org/2i2c-brochure: content/blog/2025/q1-product-goals/index.md

**In Q1 2025** we plan to grow our capacity to deploy BinderHubs across multiple cloud providers. This will allow hub users to build their own Binder environments on the fly and make it possible to share these environments with others, enabling better reproducibility and collaboration within communities.

## Give communities more visibility and control over their hub setup and costs

Perhaps the biggest perceived risk to using cloud infrastructure is the possibility of **runaway costs**. Community leaders are often nervous that something unexpected will happen and they'll have to foot a giant bill at the end of the month. We think that reducing this risk is a key way to make cloud infrastructure safer and more useful for research and education communities.

> **In Q1 2025** we are aim to add more **visibility into hub usage** and **more controls over resources via quotas**. This will allow more fine control over resource budgets such as CPU, memory, and storage. We'll also work on breaking down **users into groups** for better resource management, giving communities more granular control over their infrastructure.

Reviewer: I'd suggest rather than "breaking down users into groups..." we say "assigning users to groups, allowing communities greater control over resource allocation across large user bases."

**In Q1 2025** we plan to grow our capacity to deploy BinderHubs across multiple cloud providers. This will allow hub users to build their own Binder environments on the fly and make it possible to share these environments with others, enabling better reproducibility and collaboration within communities.

## Give communities more visibility and control over their hub setup and costs

Perhaps the biggest perceived risk to using cloud infrastructure is the possibility of **runaway costs**. Community leaders are often nervous that something unexpected will happen and they'll have to foot a giant bill at the end of the month. We think that reducing this risk is a key way to make cloud infrastructure safer and more useful for research and education communities.

> **In Q1 2025** we are aim to add more **visibility into hub usage** and **more controls over resources via quotas**. This will allow more fine control over resource budgets such as CPU, memory, and storage. We'll also work on breaking down **users into groups** for better resource management, giving communities more granular control over their infrastructure.

Author: ```suggestion
**In Q1 2025** we are aim to add more **visibility into hub usage** and **more controls over resources via quotas**. This will allow more fine control over resource budgets such as CPU, memory, and storage. We'll also work on **assigning users to groups**, allowing communities greater control over resource allocation across large user bases.
```
